Add June 15th panel call info. (#324)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: README.md

Office Add-ins code samples are provided in this repo to help you learn, study, and built great Office Add-ins!

> > Join us June 15th at 8am PT for a community panel discussion on samples. What do you want us to focus on over the next 6 months? Get the invite at https://aka.ms/officeaddinsamples-join

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Join us June 15th at 8am PT for a community panel discussion on samples. What do you want us to focus on over the next 6 months? Get the invite at https://aka.ms/officeaddinsamples-join.
```

Reviewer 2: Per [style guide](https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/Styleguide/Read?id=2700&topicid=27390), should also note as AM.
```suggestion
> Join us June 15th at 8 AM PT for a community panel discussion on samples. What do you want us to focus on over the next 6 months? Get the invite at https://aka.ms/officeaddinsamples-join.
```
